FocalPointPicker: Allow updating its value while dragging. (#38247)
WordPress/gutenberg: packages/components/src/focal-point-picker/README.md

-   Required: No

Callback which is called at the start of drag operations.

### `resolvePoint`

-   Type: `Function`
-   Required: No

> A function that receives the current value and returns a modified value. It is called before the onDrag callback.

Reviewer: The last sentence is outdated since 54d8cc0b92445a5fdbf5762789dce16f8617ccb0. Also I think it might be improved worded more like this:
```suggestion
Function which is called before internal updates to the value state. It receives the upcoming value and may return a modified one.
```
